DOC-8058 operators collections updated. (#1884)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/collectionops.adoc

> *EXISTS Example 1:* Of the 1641 cities with an airport, search for all cities that have a landmark as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*EXISTS Example 1:* Of the 274 cities with a hotel, search for all cities that have hotels with reviews.
```

----

> SELECT DISTINCT city FROM `travel-sample`.inventory.landmark AS l
> WHERE EXISTS (SELECT city FROM `travel-sample`.inventory.airport AS a );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT DISTINCT h.city FROM `travel-sample`.inventory.hotel AS h
WHERE EXISTS h.reviews;
```

----

> This results in the 626 cities that contain both an airport and a landmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This results in 255 cities that contain hotels with reviews.
```

Reviewer: Please also replace the query results (lines 434 to 446) with the updated results:
```
[
  {
    "city": "Medway"
  },
  {
    "city": "Giverny"
  },
  {
    "city": "Glasgow"
  },
  {
    "city": "Highland"
  },
  ```
